docs: Improve self-heal and auto-sync behaviors explanation for multi-source apps (#20809) (#20811)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/auto_sync.md

      selfHeal: true
```

> NOTE: Disabling self-heal doesn't guarantee that live cluster changes won't be reverted for multi-source apps even if the
> resource's source didn't change, since other source may change and trigger autosync. Disable autosync if needed to
> handle these cases.

Reviewer: @andrii-korotkov-verkada , thanks for adding the note. What do you think about wording the same as below?

```suggestion
Disabling self-heal does not guarantee that live cluster changes won't be reverted in multi-source applications. Even if a resource's source remains unchanged, changes in one of the sources can trigger `autosync`. To handle such cases, consider disabling `autosync`.
```

Author: Sure, updated.
